everyone loves video games but nobody
likes low FPS but what if I told you
that you could go from 60 fps to 240 FPS
in 15 minutes assuming you have more
than half a brain cell you would
probably think to yourself that a four
times FPS boost is impossible especially
off of a single YouTube video and that's
what I thought too but I wanted to
believe that this FPS increase was
possible so I watched every fortnite
optimization video until I got 500 FPS
on my gaming laptop and with all these
videos telling us that we can get one
1,000 FPS on any device we should be
able to get at least half of that on a
gaming laptop right so this is the
gaming laptop that we're going to
optimize today my $800 laptop that I
bought about a year ago and from the
dust pile up you can see that I haven't
been using it at all it has a ryzen
75800 h which performs similarly to a
ryzen 55600 x and assuming that you are
a normal person hopefully you don't
really know what that means sure ryzen 7
fifth gen you know it's not ancient and
it's not the fastest CPU on the market
so how good is it really well in simple
terms it is very capable of Some solid
1080p gaming but 500 FPS is definitely
pushing the boundaries of this processor
and to qualify as a gaming laptop it has
to come with a dedicated GPU so it also
came with a very solid graphics card the
RTX 3060 and this may come as a surprise
to you but the RTX 360 laptop version
actually performs just like the desktop
version in fact the 3060 is one of the
only graphics cards that perform about
the same whether you're on laptop or
desktop according to Jar's Tech the
biggest gaming laptop YouTuber youber
the desktop 3060 only performs about 8%
better than the laptop version which is
definitely impressive when a laptop can
literally fit inside of the PC and since
this is the laptop that I'm using for
school and my optimization videos I did
a full factory reset to wipe everything
so we can optimize it as if it was a
brand new computer I then downloaded
everything I needed and hopped straight
into fortnite to see how much fps we can
get with absolutely no optimizations and
I mean 240 FPS looking directly into the
sky is not that bad especially
considering that our $20 GPU only got US
60 but this was nowhere near the 500
that we needed to complete this
challenge so right off the bat I was
like there's no way we can do this but I
learned this really weird and stupid
trick where you just emote into the sky
and you gain a whole 100 FPS and you
might be thinking that's not even close
to 500 FPS there's no way you get 500
FPS just from watching some YouTube
tutorials but it is very possible
because just by connecting the laptop to
my monitor I instantly went up to 400
FPS this works because it connects the
RTX 30 60 directly to the monitor so the
integrated Graphics no longer get in the
way and also the laptop no longer has to
power its own screen so there's more
power that goes straight into
performance so then I hopped onto
YouTube looking for a video to optimize
my PC and get 500 FPS and theoretically
this would be really easy because we're
only about 60 FPS off of the goal and we
didn't even start getting into the
YouTube videos all we did was emote and
connect my laptop to my monitor and add
that to the fact that all these videos
claim that they can boost our FPS it
shouldn't be that hard to gain that last
60 FPS right well it took way too many
videos to complete this Challenge and
who would I trust more than it's jeren
he has 1.6 million subscribers so
obviously his optimizations have to
boost my FPS right we're hitting like 7
800 not bad yeah no that's pretty bad
considering that you have a 13900 K and
an RTX 490 so right off the bat I don't
know if I can trust his optimizations he
might need mine honestly but don't get
me wrong I don't hate it's jeren but if
you're trying to improve the performance
of your budget computers don't get it
from a guy with a I9 and a 4090 like
that's just common sense they could do
literally anything and still get more
FPS than you so why are you listening to
them are you serious right now you're
going to be looking at some windows Saks
optimizing your epic games launcher
fixing all your in-game fortnite
settings honestly I'm a bit disappointed
in myself because it took me seven whole
minutes to realize that I was wasting my
time I am a man on a mission trying to
get 500 FPS on a budget laptop I was not
here to waste my time watching a man
fiddle with his File Explorer for 20
minutes straight
the most advanced thing that he does in
this video is disabling full screen
optimizations and this video is the
exact same as the video he posted for
season 3 so we're going to skip this
absolute snoozefest and move on to a
YouTuber that actually knows more about
optimizing PCS than I do cuz if I kept
watching these videos from people who
don't know what they're talking about it
would unironically take me days to reach
500 FPS but I couldn't help it it's too
funny let's go watch another one and
just like my drunk uncle this man is a
professional tweaker and you know it's
serious when people are trying to crack
his $30 tweaking utility however
downloading tweaks is an extreme risk at
times but I'm hoping that these trust
pilot reviews are just trolls because I
don't really want to lose my $800 laptop
for no reason and although I was offered
a sponsorship I rejected it because I
wanted to make an honest review on his
videos and his tweaking utility and also
it wouldn't make sense for me to take a
sponsorship from him because I also have
my own tweaking utility and right off
the bat it looked like some crazy hacker
[__] and there were some pretty advanced
optimizations in here and on top of that
it's a Google Drive download so it scans
for viruses before downloading onto your
PC so you're literally 100% safe no
matter what after doing that for 10
minutes my only complaint was that
there's no uninstalled tool we still had
all those apps on the taskbar but other
than that I had absolutely zero problems
all right 500 FPS here we go oh no no no
no no this is absolutely tragic we
peaked at 4551 and as you can tell from
my voice I was very distressed that I
didn't see a certain number on a screen
on a monitor of a game that literally
doesn't even matter so yeah it did take
quite a few videos for us to get to the
end this is just like real life man as
long as we're enjoying the journey the
result will be worth it 500 FPS who
really needs that so it's time to go and
find another video and this thumbnail
caught my eye from 165 to 382 we need
that and little did I know this was
actually going to be a great follow-up
video for exms optimizations because
uninstalling bloatware is just so simple
that it's overlooked but if you have a
fresh install of Windows like I do this
is the ideal thing that you should be
doing he will return back to 1720 by
1080 as it's by far one of the best
resolution that's not too I never
understood people who say by far and
then one of the by far one of the best
that's like saying you won a marathon by
a huge margin but the difference was
actually 2 milliseconds this guy is so
lazy he can't even write a script for a
video as simple as this this man never
fails to disappoint me bro he managed to
stretch three optimizations into an
8-minute video and he does this
84,600 use stretch res if you guys
actually watch this guy on a daily basis
please find a job just put the
optimizations in the bag lil bro so I
only did two of the three optimizations
that he recommended because I don't like
the look of stretch reses and we still
managed to Peak at 460 FPS even though I
have a personal hatred towards Cod
life's content his optimizations do work
even though a lot of his comments are
completely aware of how his content is
completely useless and a huge waste of
time some of these commenters are on a
different level of stupid this this guy
deserves like a whole different Spectrum
bro how does it make your ping worse the
only thing you did was stretch your
screen make that make sense and there's
some people on here that don't even
understand their own problems I can't
leave games ever since I changed my res
anyone know why that has [__] all to do
with the video bro just close the game
you have a fortnite addiction just put
the fortnite in the bag little beta hey
bro all you got to do is press alt f4
but your fortnite addiction is stopping
you from leaving the game that's too bad
for you we're getting closer but we
still didn't get 500 FPS so the only
sensible course of action is to watch a
YouTube shorts Creator and yeah you know
YouTube shorts creators they make the
best most wholesome quality content take
a look at this irrefutable proof what I
need you to do is tag three big pickaxe
dudes I want you to tag three dudes with
the biggest pickaxe and if you don't
know any tag yourself but I need some
more big pickaxe dudes in this comment
section what I need you to do is tag
three big pickaxe dudes I want to see
all the big pickaxe dudes in the comment
section and if you don't know any big
pickaxe dudes then tag yourself not only
do you YouTube shorts creators give us
great quality content but they also post
a variety of different and unique videos
with very unique audios every
day
just hopefully that was enough proof to
prove that YouTube shorts are worse than
YouTube pants so I was not expecting
anything out of this one minute video BR
edited the 200 ping overlay on the top
left and a 1,000 FPS overlay on the top
right which is all some straight cap and
that's on skibby this dude doesn't even
play on potato Graphics this [__] is
theing soil bro what am I looking at and
I was Hing so many Clips like this 40
bomb 40 bomb bro you got you got nine
kills and make sure your color blind is
on off at nine then go to your
brightness and make sure it's at 100
scroll down till you find 3D resolution
and turn it to zero after that go to
show FPS and make sure it's on off dude
if you put your color blind mode to off
and then nine and then turn up your
brightness and put it to zero the game
looks EX exactly the same except
brighter he said to put the 3D
resolution at 0% but that's just Placebo
because zero doesn't actually exist so
it just renders out 100% but if you put
it on 1% it looks like actual poop this
video was some straight gas without the
G this comment is just so funny to me
because the video is only a minute long
and he still feels like he wasted his
time a couple hours into this challenge
I was getting pretty sick of these
optimization videos that provide
absolutely zero value and I wasn't sure
that we could hit 500 FPS before I fell
asleep watching these emotionless
YouTubers so I did what I had to and
contacted exm tweaks to see if he could
send me his premium tweaking utility as
he might be the key to completing this
Challenge and if it doesn't do [__] to
my PC I'm not going to hesitate to roast
him you guys have seen just how ruthless
I can get so exm if your app is some hot
garbage I will find you in Game of
course there are a lot of tweaks in here
so let's just see how long it'll take
until I can put all these optimizations
onto my laptop bang boom bang Bo this is
over a 100 optimizations it took me just
about 12 minutes to apply all the
optimizations so I was pretty excited to
finally restart my laptop and see if we
can finally hit 500 FPS hey my stupid
ass somehow managed to disable my Wi-Fi
and then somehow my final recording
froze I don't know how this could
possibly happen and I also don't know
why I have camera footage of this but we
managed to Peak at
478 FPS and if you look at the top right
here we surprisingly completed the
challenge look at this we went all the
way up to 530 and as you could probably
expect in game it's it's a different
story it's more like a stable 165 to 180
you're not going to get this much fps
off of an $800 laptop that's just not
going to happen but if you want to see
me optimize and overclock my $20 GPU
until I get 240 FPS check out this video
next